README.md, before:

# timebox
Time Series toolbox for MATLAB

Purpose
---

TimeBox is a procedural library that implements data structures and functions for the evaluation
of time series classification methods.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


Installing TimeBox
---

TimeBox has been tested on Matlab 2013 for GNU/Linux. If you are running a different version of Matlab
or a different operating system, TimeBox may not work properly without tweaks.

For installation on GNU/Linux:

1. Get the stable or the desired version of TimeBox as a .zip file;
1. Unpack in any location (i.e., ~/timebox).

This should be enough. If you are not running Matlab from TimeBox root directory, then you should
add TimeBox's root directory to your Matlab path. For example:

```Matlab
addpath ~/timebox
```

An explanation about data sets
---

TimeBox currently works only with data sets of equal-length time series. A data set is simply
a matrix of M-by-(N+1) doubles where the each row is a time series. The first column of the matrix
contains the class labels of the associated series.

TimeBox works by default with a local repository of data sets. The location of this repository is,
by default, "~/timeseries", but a different path may be specified as a single-line text file in
"~/.timebox.dspath". Each data set shold be in a Matlab data file (`.mat`) with the same name as
its directory. Each data set file should contain two variables: `train` and `test`, for the training
and test samples, respectivelly. If your data set does not have labeled data for testing, the `test`
variable should contain an empty array `[]`.

The TS package contains functions for handling data sets. In particular TS.LOAD loads a data set
from the TimeBox repository. Conversely, TS.SAVE saves a data set into the TimeBox repository.

As an example, a test data set may be found in `assets/dataset_example`. It contains two files,
`dataset_example.train` and `dataset_example.test`. To load this small data set and save it in the
TimeBox repository with the name `example`, you may proceed as follows:

```Matlab
chdir('~/timebox');                % assuming TimeBox has been installed here
train = load('assets/dataset_example.train');
test = load('assets/dataset_example.test');
ts.save(train, test, 'example');   % register into the repository
```

Once the data set has been saved into TimeBox repository, it should be referred to by its given name
(in this case, `example`) every time a function needs to access the repository.

Commit message:

Add license; perform very first release

README.md, after:

# timebox
Time Series toolbox for MATLAB

Purpose
---

TimeBox is a procedural library that implements data structures and functions for the evaluation
of time series classification methods.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

This software is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied.


Installing TimeBox
---

TimeBox has been tested on Matlab 2013 for GNU/Linux. If you are running a different version of Matlab
or a different operating system, TimeBox may not work properly without tweaks.

For installation on GNU/Linux:

1. Get the stable or the desired version of TimeBox as a .zip file;
1. Unpack in any location (i.e., ~/timebox).

This should be enough. If you are not running Matlab from TimeBox root directory, then you should
add TimeBox's root directory to your Matlab path. For example:

```Matlab
addpath ~/timebox
```

An explanation about data sets
---

TimeBox currently works only with data sets of equal-length time series. A data set is simply
a matrix of M-by-(N+1) doubles where the each row is a time series. The first column of the matrix
contains the class labels of the associated series.

TimeBox works by default with a local repository of data sets. The location of this repository is,
by default, "~/timeseries", but a different path may be specified as a single-line text file in
"~/.timebox.dspath". Each data set shold be in a Matlab data file (`.mat`) with the same name as
its directory. Each data set file should contain two variables: `train` and `test`, for the training
and test samples, respectivelly. If your data set does not have labeled data for testing, the `test`
variable should contain an empty array `[]`.

The TS package contains functions for handling data sets. In particular TS.LOAD loads a data set
from the TimeBox repository. Conversely, TS.SAVE saves a data set into the TimeBox repository.

As an example, a test data set may be found in `assets/dataset_example`. It contains two files,
`dataset_example.train` and `dataset_example.test`. To load this small data set and save it in the
TimeBox repository with the name `example`, you may proceed as follows:

```Matlab
chdir('~/timebox');                % assuming TimeBox has been installed here
train = load('assets/dataset_example.train');
test = load('assets/dataset_example.test');
ts.save(train, test, 'example');   % register into the repository
```

Once the data set has been saved into TimeBox repository, it should be referred to by its given name
(in this case, `example`) every time a function needs to access the repository.
